fix: actions configuration (#1257)
ory/docs: docs/guides/integrate-with-ory-cloud-through-webhooks.mdx

  flows:
    registration: # or login, recovery, verification, settings
      after:

>         hooks: [] # These acions are executed only if the `password` and `oidc` sections below are empty

Reviewer: Yup: https://github.com/ory/kratos/blob/3d07161ab4a7e19ebb786c9983ace6e2d9617c1e/driver/registry_default_registration.go#L37-L40

>         hooks: [] # These acions are executed only if the `password` and `oidc` sections below are empty

Author: rephrased

        password:

>           # Actions in this sections will be executed after sign up (or login, settings) with password

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          # Actions in this section will be executed after registration (or login, settings) with a password
```

          hooks:
            - hook: web_hook
              config:
                url: https://webhook.target/example
                method: POST
                body: base64://ey...
                response:
                  ignore: false
                  parse: false
                auth:
                  # ...
            - hook: session # see https://www.ory.sh/docs/actions/session
        oidc:
          hooks:

>             # Actions in this section will be executed after sign up (or login, settings) with a social sign-in provider / OpenID Connect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # Actions in this section will be executed after registration (or login, settings) with a social sign-in provider / OpenID Connect
```
